# JS-auto-counter
As a web developer, most often you want to display the total number of your projects, your registered users, satisfied customers based on ratings and reviews or the total number of your newsletter subscribers. That’s why today I decided to share an important tip with our fellow developers that will help them on their current or upcoming projects on how to automatically display the total number of your projects, registered users, and satisfied customers based on ratings and reviews or the total number of your newsletter subscribers on their portfolio website using HTML, CSS, BOOTSTRAP 5 and JAVASCRIPT. Below is the step-by-step explanation of the project:
1.    Firstly, I create 3 variables “x, y, z” that will hold the values that will be outputted and assign each one a value of zero.
2.    Secondly, then I also created three functions that are going to increment the values of the variables created earlier and used those functions as the parameters to the “setInterval()” JavaScript callback function with a second parameter of 150 which is going to be calling the functions in every 150 milliseconds, that’s less than a one second.
3.    Lastly, I create if…else statements inside the functions to check if the value reaches its limit with a “clearInterval()” to stop the value from incrementing.
Even though the project is basic however, I haven’t intended to limit the project to only client-side scripting, shortly I will upgrade the project to be calling the values from a database which means I am going to make it dynamic. So, that’s all for now, I hope you get the idea and if there are suggestions regarding the project you can write them in the comment section below. Don’t forget to follow me for more valuable tips regarding web design and development.
